capital = 16

oob = "FRW_1920"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.51


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	
	basic_train = 1
}
create_faction = Se_International
add_to_faction = BHL
set_convoys = 300

country_event = { id = FRW.1 days = 10 }
country_event = { id = FRW.17 days = 35 }
country_event = { id = FRW.45 days = 125 }
country_event = { id = FRW.35 days = 400 }
country_event = { id = FRW.36 days = 375 }

country_event = { id = Assembly_Tours.1 days = 205 }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party =  Reformism
	last_election = "1921.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	Anarchism = 10
	Reformism = 65
	Revolutionism= 25
}




recruit_character = FRW_Alexandre_Millerand
recruit_character = FRW_Louis_Loucheur
recruit_character = FRW_Andre_Marty
recruit_character = FRW_Sebastian_Fuhr
recruit_character = FRW_Paul_Brousse
recruit_character = FRW_guesde
recruit_character = FRW_Jean_Allemane
recruit_character = FRW_Jean_Jaures
recruit_character = FRW_LudovicOscar_Frossard
recruit_character = FRW_Leon_Blum
recruit_character = FRW_emile_Armand
recruit_character = FRW_Georges_Clemenceau
recruit_character = FRW_Georges_Valois
recruit_character = FRW_Marcel_Cachin
recruit_character = FRW_Aristide_Briand
recruit_character = FRW_Georges_Sorel
recruit_character = FRW_Edouard_de_Castelnau
recruit_character = FRW_Joseph_Vuillemin
recruit_character = FRW_Joffre
recruit_character = FRW_Marie_Eugene_Debeney
recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Sarrell
recruit_character = FRW_Vincent_Auriol
recruit_character = FRW_Marcel_Deat
recruit_character = FRW_Benoit_Frachon
recruit_character = FRW_Andre_Le_Troquer
recruit_character = FRW_Jean_Laurent
recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Thorez
recruit_character = FRW_Fernand_Loriot
recruit_character = FRW_Edouard_Daladier
recruit_character = FRW_Paul_Faure
recruit_character = FRW_Marx_Dormoy
recruit_character = FRW_Felix_Gouin
recruit_character = FRW_Monmousseau
recruit_character = FRW_Paul_Maistre
recruit_character = FRW_Berthelot_Metz
recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Pelle_Prague
recruit_character = FRW_Gaston_Henri_Billotte

recruit_character = FRW_Jacques_Doriot

recruit_character = FRW_Albert_Thomas

recruit_character = FRW_Alphonse_Merrheim

recruit_character = FRW_Edouard_Berth

recruit_character = FRW_Renaud_Jean
recruit_character = FRW_Comite_communal

recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Gustave_Gamelin
recruit_character = FRW_Gaston_Moch
recruit_character = FRW_Charles_de_Gaulle
recruit_character = FRW_Jacques_Sadoul
recruit_character = FRW_Adolphe_Messimy
recruit_character = FRW_georges_louis_humbert

recruit_character = FRW_Pierre_Monatte
recruit_character = FRW_Leon_Jouhaux

recruit_character = FRW_Adrien_Rene_Viviani
recruit_character =	FRW_Marcel_Sembat


FRW_Jacques_Doriot = { set_nationality = NNN }



add_ideas = {
	
	FRW_Chaotic_socialism
	FRW_The_shame_of_Alsace_Lorraine
	FRW_African_Royal_Families_in_exile
	FRW_Dissidents_army
	FRW_Inefficient_industry
	#law
	
	###
	atheism
	Affirmative_action
	Local_police
	Underlying_investment
	State_media
	Local_trade_unions
	low_industrialization
	Mixed_economy
	secondary_school
	##ad
	FRW_Alexandre_Millerand_H
	FRW_LudovicOscar_Frossard_P
	FRW_Aristide_Briand_P
	FRW_Marx_Dormoy_P
	FRW_Fernand_Loriot_P
	FRW_Adrien_Rene_Viviani_P
	FRW_Marcel_Sembat_P
	FRW_Albert_Thomas_P
		}


add_ai_strategy = {
	type = alliance
	id = "FRW"
	value = 100
}
FRW= {
	type = alliance
	id = "BHL"
	value = 100
}


