capital = 43

oob = "HUN_1920"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
recruit_character = HUN_Mihaly_Karolyi
recruit_character = HUN_Horthy_Miklos
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Huszar
recruit_character = HUN_Joseph_Augusta
recruit_character = HUN_Joseph_Augusta2
recruit_character = HUN_Mihaly_Karolyi
recruit_character = HUN_Janky_Kocsard
recruit_character = HUN_Samu_Baro_Hazai
recruit_character = HUN_Shvoy_Istvan
recruit_character = HUN_Pal_Nagy
recruit_character = HUN_Sandor_Szurmay
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Horthy 
recruit_character = HUN_Vitez_Karpathy_Kamillo
recruit_character = HUN_Willerding_Rezso
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Badok
recruit_character = HUN_Gyula_Gombos_Jakfai_Vitez
recruit_character = HUN_Somkuthy_Jozsef
recruit_character = HUN_Vitez_Karoly 
recruit_character = HUN_Jeno_Ratz
recruit_character = HUN_Vitez_nagybaczoni_Nagy

1916.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 100
	add_command_power = 50
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		
		
		
		
		

		#industry
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
	}
}
add_ideas = 
{atheism
Affirmative_action
Local_police
Underlying_investment
State_media
Local_trade_unions
low_industrialization
Mixed_economy
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = Liberalism
	last_election = "1927.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	Reformism = 6
    Moderate_Socialism = 7
	Revolutionism = 7
	Liberalism = 21
	Dictatorship = 59
}
