capital = 361

oob = "UBS_1920"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

recruit_character = UBS_Hugo_Black
recruit_character = UBS_LiEngFu
recruit_character = UBS_Woodrow_Wilson
recruit_character = UBS_Ulysses_G_McAlexander
recruit_character = UBS_Douglas_MacArthur
recruit_character = UBS_Pershing
recruit_character = UBS_Omar_Bondi
recruit_character = UBS_John_Reed
recruit_character = UBS_Calvin_Coolidge
recruit_character = UBS_Browder
recruit_character = UBS_James_Middleton_Cox
recruit_character = UBS_Warren_Gamaliel_Harding
recruit_character = UBS_Roosevelt
recruit_character = UBS_Huey_Pierce_Long
recruit_character = UBS_Edgar_Hoover
recruit_character = UBS_William_Foster
recruit_character = UBS_Cannon
recruit_character = UBS_George_Bolling_Lee
recruit_character = UBS_Eugene_Debs

recruit_character = UBS_Smedley_Darlington_Butler


news_event={id = UBS.1 days=8}
country_event={id = MXG.1 days=95}





	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		
		
		
		
		

		#industry
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
	}
add_ideas = {
	UBS_Slavery
	UBS_The_declining_north
	UBS_Jim_Crow_laws
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = Liberalism
	last_election = "1918.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas={
#law
Basic_industrialization 
Private_economy
}
set_popularities = {
	Liberalism = 85 
	Conservatism = 15
	Reformism = 0
}
