capital = 64

oob = "WWS_1920"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

recruit_character = WWS_WilliamII
recruit_character = WWS_Falkenhayn
recruit_character = WWS_Max_Hoffmann
recruit_character = WWS_Gregor_Strasser
recruit_character = WWS_August_von_Mackensen
recruit_character = WWS_Hindenburg
recruit_character = WWS_Feng_Almin
recruit_character = WWS_Alexander_Feng_Crook
recruit_character = WWS_Wilhelm_von_PreuBen
recruit_character = WWS_Ludwig_von_Moltke
recruit_character = WWS_von_Below
recruit_character = WWS_von_Bottmer
recruit_character = WWS_Hermann_von_Eichhorn
recruit_character = WWS_von_AlbertHart
recruit_character = WWS_Ludendorff
recruit_character = WWS_Albert_Grzesinski
recruit_character = WWS_Wolfgang_Kapp
recruit_character = WWS_eduard_bernstein
recruit_character = WWS_Gustav_Stresemann
recruit_character = WWS_Wilhelm_Carl_Josef_Cuno
recruit_character = WWS_Andreas_Hermes

	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		
		
		
		
		

		#industry
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
	}
puppet =DSX
puppet =DSD
puppet =DSN
puppet =DAS
country_event = {id=WWS.7 days=110 }
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchy
	last_election = "1918.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	
#law
Private_economy
		completely_illiterate
		low_industrialization
		Freedom_belief
		Autonomous_police
		Weak_investments
		Patriarchy_supreme
		Control_media
		Deflection_employer

Deutscher_Bund
Deutscher_Zollverein
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	monarchy = 65
                social_democrat=20
}
