capital = 608

oob = "ZHX_1920"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
recruit_character = ZHX_Fen_GuoZhang
recruit_character = ZHX_CaoKung
recruit_character = ZHX_Fen_YuXiang
recruit_character = ZHX_WuPeiFu
recruit_character = ZHX_Kong_XiangXi 
recruit_character = ZHX_WangZhangYuan
recruit_character = ZHX_Li_HongYuan
recruit_character = ZHX_CaoRuLin
recruit_character = ZHX_Zhang_Zongxiang
recruit_character = ZHX_LuZongyu
recruit_character = ZHX_JingYunPeng
recruit_character = ZHX_ChenWenYun
recruit_character = ZHX_LiangQiCao
recruit_character = ZHX_PengSouXing
recruit_character = ZHX_SunYue
recruit_character = ZHX_WangYiTang
recruit_character = ZHX_ZhangJian
recruit_character = ZHX_CaiYuanPei
recruit_character = ZHX_DuanQiRui
recruit_character = ZHX_GuWeiJun
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		
		
		
		
		

		#industry
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
	}
	set_country_flag = parliament_mian_button_yes
	set_power_balance = {
		id = China_BeiYang_balance
	}

	
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = Conservatism
	last_election = "1918.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	#ZHX_TAOTC
	Smallholder_economy
	Agricultural_economy
	completely_illiterate
	Smallholder_economy


	ZHX_DuanQiRui_H
	ZHX_Zhang_Zongxiang_P
	ZHX_CaiYuanPei_P
	ZHX_WangYiTang_P
	ZHX_ZhangJian_P
    ZHX_LuZongyu_P
	ZHX_LiangQiChao_P
	ZHX_GuWeiJun_P
}
set_popularities = {
	Liberalism = 5
	Reactionary = 1
	Conservatism = 89
	Revolutionism = 5
}
